CEP-492/496 updates [0.17.12] (#653)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/cep/source/source-types/stream-source.md

By default, all streams created by stream workers are sources. The syntax for defining a new stream in a stream worker is:

```sql
   CREATE SOURCE SinkName WITH (
      type="stream", 
      stream.list="STRING[STRING,]", 
      replication.type="STRING", 
      subscription.initial.position="STRING",
      num.consumers="INT",
      num.listener.threads="INT",
      num.io.threads="INT",
      receiver.queue.size="INT",      
      map.type='type')  
    (<attribute_name> <attribute_type>[,
     <attribute_name> <attribute_type>] );
```

Or you can use the syntax shortcut `CREATE STREAM`:

```sql

> CREATE STREAM <stream_name> <GLOBAL | LOCAL> (<attribute_name> <attribute_type>,

Reviewer: Do the new parameters not work for CREATE STREAM?

Author: There is not a way to define them with `CREATE STREAM` shorthand. So, this construct will rely on the default values.

                             <attribute_name> <attribute_type>, ... );
```
Or you can use the syntax shortcut for local stream `CREATE STREAM`:

```sql
CREATE SINK STREAM  SampleStreamSink (data string);
```

## Parameters

The following parameters are used to configure a stream definition.

| Parameter     | Description | Default Value | Possible Data Types | Optional |
| ------------- |-------------| ------------- | ------------------- | -------- |

> | `stream.list` | The list of streams the sources will consume events.| -    | STRING        | No                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| stream.list | The list of streams the sources will consume events.| -    | STRING        | No                  |
```

> | replication.type | Specifies if the replication type of the streams. Possible values can be `local` and `global`.      | local         | STRING         | Yes      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| replication.type | Specifies if the replication type of the streams. Possible values can be `LOCAL` and `GLOBAL`.      | LOCAL         | STRING         | Yes      |
```

Author: @diana-macrometa - Agreed.

> | replication.type | Specifies if the replication type of the streams. Possible values can be `local` and `global`      | local         | STRING         | Yes      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| replication.type | Specifies if the replication type of the streams. Possible values can be `local` and `global`.      | local         | STRING         | Yes      |
```

Reviewer: Should we capitalize GLOBAL and LOCAL? We do elsewhere when talking about these parameters.

Author: Yes, let's do it.

> | `subscription.initial.position` | Subscription's initial position of the stream. Possible Values: [Earliest,Latest]| Lates | STRING | Yes|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| subscription.initial.position | Subscription's initial position in the stream. Possible values: [Earliest,Latest]| Latest | STRING | Yes|
```

> | `subscription.type` | Stream subscription type. Possible Values: [Exclusive, Shared, Failover, Key_Shared]. | Shared | STRING | Yes|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| subscription.type | Stream subscription type. Possible Values: [Exclusive, Shared, Failover, Key_Shared]. | Shared | STRING | Yes|
```

> | `subscription.type` | Subscription's type of the stream. Possible Values: [Exclusive, Shared, Failover, Key_Shared]. | Shared | STRING | Yes|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `subscription.type` | Stream subscription type. Possible Values: [Exclusive, Shared, Failover, Key_Shared]. | Shared | STRING | Yes|
```

> | `num.consumers` | Number of consumers | 1 | INT | Yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| num.consumers | Number of consumers. | 1 | INT | Yes |
```

> | `num.listener.threads` | the number of listener threads | 1 | INT | Yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| num.listener.threads | The number of listener threads. | 1 | INT | Yes |
```

Reviewer: What do you mean by "threads" here? I have not seen "threads" used in our docs thus far. Do you mean streams? Subscriptions?

Author: @diana-macrometa - The `threads` either `listener` or `io` are part of pulsar consumer spec. 
This is similar to the `threading.option` in `Kafka-source`.

Reviewer: @mikeridley and @dustinlarimer, does this align with our product language for Macrometa?

> | `num.io.threads` | The number of listener threads | 1 | INT | Yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| num.io.threads | The number of listener threads. | 1 | INT | Yes |
```

> | `receiver.queue.size` | The number of messages accumulated by a consumer before an application calls | 1000 | INT | Yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| receiver.queue.size | The number of messages accumulated by a consumer before an application calls. | 1000 | INT | Yes |
```
